README.md, before:

# Snippets Manager

English | [简体中文](./README.zh-CN.md)

Create and edit snippets easily.

This extension is built over the default VS Code snippets system, wrapping it into a nice and intuitive UI, improving usability, and making snippets easy to create, edit, delete and search. It supports user-custom snippets, global snippets and snippets from installed extensions.

[![video](./images/video.webp)](https://www.youtube.com/embed/xhrl1eCmX5Q)

## Features

### Manage snippets

Create, edit, delete or search snippets.

![manager](images/manager.webp)

### Create snippets

Select range to create a snippet.

<img src="images/create1.webp" width="500px">

### Edit snippets

Open `*.code-snippets` in Snippets Editor and edit it.

![edit](images/edit.webp)

Notice:

- After modifying extension snippets, you need to reload VS Code (Press `F1`, then execute `Reload Window`) to take effect.

#### Edit snippet body in text editor

You can edit snippet body in text editor by click the edit button aside "Body".

![edit body](images/edit-body.webp)

#### Undo/Redo

This extension provides a custom VS Code editor, so you can use VS Code shortcuts to undo/redo. By default, in Windows undo is `Ctrl+Z` redo is `Ctrl+Shift+Z`, in macOS undo is `⌘Z` redo is `⇧⌘Z`.

#### Select other editors open the `*.code-snippets` file

You can right-click the `*.code-snippets` file then left-click the `Open Whit...` option to select other editors to open the `*.code-snippets` file or set the default editor to open `*.code-snippets` files.

### Search snippets

Search workspace, user or extension snippets.

![search](images/search.webp)

## Settings

### `snippetsManager.autoCloseSnippetBodyEditor`

Controls whether to automatically close the code snippet body editor after saving, Default: `true`.

Usually this option needs to be turned off when using `files.autoSave`.

## Install via CLI

```bash
code --install-extension zjffun.snippetsmanager
```

## [Release Notes](./CHANGELOG.md)

## [Contribute](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

feat: update menu title docs: update

README.md, after:

# Snippets Manager

English | [简体中文](./README.zh-CN.md)

Create and edit snippets easily.

This extension is built over the default [VS Code snippets](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/userdefinedsnippets) system, wrapping it into a nice and intuitive UI, improving usability, and making snippets easy to create, edit, delete and search. It supports user-custom snippets, global snippets and snippets from installed extensions.

[![video](./images/video.webp)](https://www.youtube.com/embed/xhrl1eCmX5Q)

## Features

### Manage snippets

Create, edit, delete or search snippets.

![manager](images/manager.webp)

### Create snippets

Select range to create a snippet.

<img src="images/create1.webp" width="500px">

- In order to make the content output by the snippet consistent with the selected content, we will automatically escape `\` in the body of the snippet to `\\` and `$` to `\$` by default. If you do not want to escape, you can choose menu items with `(Without Escape)`.

### Edit snippets

Open `*.code-snippets` in Snippets Editor and edit it.

![edit](images/edit.webp)

Notice:

- After modifying extension snippets, you need to reload VS Code (Press `F1`, then execute `Reload Window`) to take effect.

#### Edit snippet body in text editor

You can edit snippet body in text editor by click the edit button aside "Body".

![edit body](images/edit-body.webp)

#### Undo/Redo

This extension provides a custom VS Code editor, so you can use VS Code shortcuts to undo/redo. By default, in Windows undo is `Ctrl+Z` redo is `Ctrl+Shift+Z`, in macOS undo is `⌘Z` redo is `⇧⌘Z`.

#### Select other editors open the `*.code-snippets` file

You can right-click the `*.code-snippets` file then left-click the `Open Whit...` option to select other editors to open the `*.code-snippets` file or set the default editor to open `*.code-snippets` files.

### Search snippets

Search workspace, user or extension snippets.

![search](images/search.webp)

## Settings

### `snippetsManager.autoCloseSnippetBodyEditor`

Controls whether to automatically close the code snippet body editor after saving, Default: `true`.

Usually this option needs to be turned off when using `files.autoSave`.

## Install via CLI

```bash
code --install-extension zjffun.snippetsmanager
```

## [Release Notes](./CHANGELOG.md)

## [Contribute](./CONTRIBUTING.md)
